Schema Name: Connection Event Schema
Short name: Connections
Creation Date: 5 July 2013
Sources: None
Description: Schema to formalize types of connection events between people/institutions. May be extended. 
Vocabulary: 
Meeting: generic encounter
Romantic: unformalized (i.e., not engaged or married) romantic entanglements
	Romantic_Affair: a romantic entanglement where at least one party is already 	in a relationship.
	Romantic_Affair_Secret: a romantic entanglement where at least one party is 	already in a relationship and the affair is secret.
Engagement: when two parties are engaged
Married: when two parties are legally married
Divorce: when two formerly married parties are legally divorced
Separation: when a married/engaged couple separates without (or before) a divorce
Attendance: going to a concert, lecture, event, etc. Specify directionality.
Teaching: when one party instructs another. Specify directionality.
	Teaching_Tutoring: when one party is the tutor of another at Oxford.
	Teaching_Lecturing: when one party delivers a lecture. Those hearing the 	lecture have an "attendance" connection with the lecturer.
Affiliation: professional engagement with an institution (for some duration).
	Affiliation_Formal: when the individual is formally a member or associate of a group/institution.
	Affiliation_Informal: when the individual participates in the meetings/discussions of an informal intellectual circle.
Professional: an individual's interactions with another individual or institution in their professional capacity/doing professional service (e.g. sitting in an oral examination or editing a colleague's manuscript)
	Professional_Advising: providing advice/judgment/feedback in one's professional capacity
	Professional_Service: actions performed in service of one's professional institution or a request to perform actions in the service of a professional institution
Article: any written/spoken piece in any press.  Specify directionality.
	Article_Review: a review written by or about Berlin. The Entity2 field should always contain at least two values: the subject of the review and the publishing organ
	Article_Interview: an interview (singular or group) or a panel discussion/symposium. If interview was published, Entity2 field should contain both interviewer and publishing organ. Else, the Entity2 field is either the interviewer or the institution which held the panel/symposium. 
Gift/Honor: when a party is given/awarded a present or honor by another.
Bureaucratic: interactions with a bureaucratic body over bureaucratic matters (e.g. getting a new passport at the British Consulate or getting a new phone from the Oxford registrar)

Authors: Arie Dubnov, Layne Novak, Daniella Kim